Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to
explain a Horror film called "The Mimic."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A man anxiously drives along the road to Mount
Jang in search of a secluded spot as his female
companion asks him in a panicked voice if he
knows where he's going. Distracted by the woman's
nagging, the driver runs over a dog on the dark
road, prompting him to hit the brakes. He grabs
the dead animal and opens the car trunk, where he
is keeping his wife captive. The wife tearfully
begs her husband not to kill her, but he ignores
her pleas and throws the dog inside the trunk.
When they arrive at their destination, the man
smashes a brick wall covering the entrance to
a cave. When the mistress reaches the site, she
staggers back in horror as she witnesses the wife
drawing her last breath. After putting the wife's
body inside the cave, they suddenly hear her voice
as they walk back to the car. When the man removes
a loose brick to take a peek inside, he hears his
wife's voice again, followed by several other
voices, including their own. The man and his
mistress turn and run, leaving the loose brick
on the ground and a small opening to the cave.
Hee-yeon and her husband Min-ho decide to
move to Mount Jang in the hopes that it
would help Hee-yeon's senile mother, Sun-ja,
recover her memories. While relaxing outside,
Sun-ja sees her granddaughter, Jun-hee,
approaching her, but she mistakes the
child for her sister. Sun-ja starts hearing voices
coming from the woods, so she warns the child that
something terrifying is nearby. She hurries back
to the house, taking her granddaughter with her.
After shopping for groceries, Hee-yeon sees
an unkempt child walking on the streets.
She notices that the boy is wearing
the same shoes worn by her missing son,
Jun-suh, so she tries running after him. Failing
to catch up to the child, Hee-yeon goes back home
and unpacks Jun-suh's belongings, hoping to
find clues that would help her find her son.
She tells Min-ho that she wants to start looking
for Jun-suh again, but Min-ho discourages her,
noting that the boy has been missing five years.
Hee-yeon tearfully reminds him of his vow to keep
up the search, so Min-ho promises to ask the
authorities to continue looking for the boy.
One day, a brother and his sister stop by
Hee-yeon's house searching for their missing dog.
Hee-yeon tells the kids that they had mistaken
her family's dog, Mong, for their missing pet,
but she encourages them to keep looking. When the
boy comes across the path leading to the cave,
he hears a dog barking, so they follow the
path. Along the way, they see an abandoned
car with a damaged windshield stained with
blood. Upon reaching the cave entrance,
the girl reaches into the hole in
the wall, calling out to their dog.
Unable to see anything, the girl uses her
cellphone to shine a light inside the cave.
When her phone rings, a hand
grabs her and takes her inside.
The frightened boy slowly peeks into the opening
of the cave to look for her sister. When a hand
reaches out to him, he staggers, but he's soon
relieved to see his sister emerging from the cave.
The children tell Hee-yeon and Min-ho about what
happened at the cave, so they go to the site to
investigate. As Hee-yeon walks around the woods,
she finds a little girl wandering on her own.
She tries talking to her, but the child
wouldn't respond. When Min-ho reaches
his hand to touch her, the child recoils
and raises her hand to shield herself.
They suddenly hear the children screaming for
help, so Min-ho goes back to the cave entrance.
When Hee-yeon tries to follow him, the
girl grabs her shirt, trying to stop her.
Hee-yeon tells the child to wait for her and goes
to the cave. Meanwhile, Min-ho enters the cave and
discovers a bolted door. After forcing the door
open, he tries looking inside, but it's too dark.
A mutilated woman suddenly emerges and
throws herself upon Min-ho, causing him
to fall on his back. As Min-ho struggles to
get away, the woman falls on him and dies.
Soon, the police arrive at the site to
investigate. While looking around the woods,
Detective Kim finds an old picture of a young girl
and a man. By the time the lead detective arrives,
Hee-yeon is already exasperated from repeatedly
explaining the incident to the cops, so she leaves
the site and goes home. That night, the little
girl Hee-yeon found in the woods knocks on their
door, so Hee-yeon lets her inside and asks her
husband to let the girl stay there for the night.
Meanwhile, Detective Kim looks
at the old cases related to the
cave and learns that they involve missing
persons. Before the victims disappeared,
they heard voices of their dead
relatives asking them to go to the cave.
As Hee-yeon baths the child, she finds signs
of physical maltreatment on the girl's body.
She tries dressing the child in Jun-hee's clothes,
but they're too big for her, so Hee-yeon decides
to let her wear Jun-seo's clothes. As the girl
listens to Jun-hee and Hee-yeon talk, she starts
mimicking Jun-hee's voice, calling Hee-yeon
"mom" and claiming that her name is also Jun-hee.
The following day, Hee-yeon and Min-ho feel
irritation in their eyes, thinking that they
are signs of infection. Suddenly, they hear a
noise outside their house, so they go out and
find a blind woman walking away. When Hee-yeon
calls out to her, the blind woman tells them to
leave the place immediately, noting that the place
is dangerous because she can hear voices again.
Inside the house, the mysterious girl
observes Jun-hee playing outside and
imitates her laugh and speech. While Min-ho is
preparing some medicine for their dogs, he hears
Jun-hee's cheerful voice, but he's perturbed when
he finds out that it was the girl from the woods.
At the police station, the detectives manage
to track down the abandoned car’s owner.
By that time, the owner is already having problems
with his vision and is still hearing voices,
telling him to come to the cave. Detective Kim
asks him about the woman found dead in the cave,
but he wouldn't respond. He tries shaking his
ears, hoping that he would stop hearing his wife's
voice. When he gets home, he frantically
washes his face to jolt himself awake.
But soon, he hears knocks coming from
inside the cabinet. When he opens it,
he hears his wife asking him for help. He drops
to the ground and whimpers in sheer terror
when he sees a hand appear in the reflection,
desperately trying to break out of the mirror.
While preparing to take Jun-hee to school, Min-ho
asks his wife if she has reported the mysterious
girl to the police. When he learns that the
girl is also called Jun-hee, he points out that
she also sounds like their daughter. Hee-yeon
is reluctant to report the girl to the police
because she fears that the authorities would not
take good care of her. Min-ho points out that the
girl's parents are probably worried about her, so
he urges Hee-yeon to go to the police right away.
Meanwhile, Sun-ja hears her brother’s
voice, telling her to come to him.
Hee-yeon notices the television on with no one
watching, so she looks for the strange child.
When she opens the wardrobe, she
finds the girl hiding inside.
She takes the girl out of the wardrobe and asks
what she's doing inside, but she doesn't reply.
Suddenly, Sun-ja approaches them with a knife and
tries to stab the girl. Hee-yeon defends the child
and runs out of the house after disarming Sun-ja.
Hee-yeon and the child run to the shed and lock
the door. Sun-ja bangs on the door repeatedly,
saying the voice she's been hearing is not her
brother's. The child hides inside the dog cage
holding a broken mirror to defend herself.
Hee-yeon tries to console the child, projecting
her love for her missing son onto the girl.
[HELLO VIDEO EDITOR: I asked the writer if
there’s a transition here somewhere because
it seems like it jumped from Sun-ja
attacking Hee-yeon in the shed and
then she’s suddenly in a room with Min-ho.
Will update you when the writer responds.]
When Min-ho drops by Sun-ja's room, he's
baffled when he sees the mirror covered
with tape. He asks Sun-ja if she's the one who
taped the mirror, but he doesn't get a response.
He peels away a strip of tape and leaves
the room to tell Hee-yeon to take Sun-ja
back to the nursing home because they're
having a hard time taking care of her.
The child from the woods approaches
Hee-yeon to tell her that she can't sleep.
When Hee-yeon puts her to bed, she asks her
about Jun-suh, saying Hee-yeon kept repeating
the name in her sleep. Hee-yeon tells her that
he's Jun-hee's brother. Hee-yeon explains that
she doesn't know where Jun-suh is, but his
grandmother might know. Hee-yeon recalls
leaving Jun-suh with Sun-ja at the grocery.
Sun-ja holds the boy's hand tight as he cries,
but later on, Sun-ja is left alone staring into
space, clutching the child's toy in her hand.
Min-ho is increasingly bothered by the
presence of the mysterious girl in their home,
so he instructs Hee-yeon to take her
to the police station the next day.
Hee-yeon objects and confesses that
the girl reminds her of their son.
She vows to start the search for Jun-suh again,
insisting that the boy is still out there. Min-ho,
however, believes that the child is already
dead and tells Hee-yeon to let go and move on.
Later that night, Sun-ja starts
hearing her dead brother’s voice again,
calling her from behind the mirror. This time,
Sun-ja also hears her dead sister’s voice.
Due to her illness, she has forgotten that
her sister is dead, so she heads to the cave,
following her voice. The following day,
the family scrambles to find Sun-ja,
but she's nowhere to be found. When Min-ho looks
at the mirror in Sun-ja's room, he is puzzled
by the liquid dripping on the reflection
while the mirror itself appears to be dry.
Min-ho removes more strips of tape from the
mirror, revealing two handprints on the mirror.
Min-ho goes missing hours later after asking the
girl from the woods about Sun-ja's whereabouts.
Hee-yeon reports Min-ho's sudden disappearance
to the police, saying there's something strange
going on in the town. When Hee-yeon mentions the
girl from the woods, Detective Kim asks to speak
to her, but the child is nowhere to be found.
The detective reveals several reports of missing
persons in the town, and there have been mentions
of the girl. When Detective Kim shows Hee-yeon a
picture he found in the woods, Hee-yeon confirms
that the girl in the picture is the girl she took
into her house. Kim, however, points out that
the picture was taken in the 80s. Kim goes back
to the police station and looks at the records
mentioning the strange girl. Some witnesses say
that the girl never spoke, but one told the police
that the child invited a victim to come with her.
While Hee-yeon looks for Jun-hee in the woods, the
blind woman she met days earlier approaches her
and takes her to her house. The woman tells her
that the entity responsible for the disappearances
is known as the Jangsan Tiger, which mimics
the voice of humans to entice them to its lair.
Several shamans have served the horrific tiger,
but one particular shaman had gained
extraordinary powers after serving the entity.
As the tiger slowly possesses the
shaman, he starts looking at his
neglected daughter with contempt as
she cries for her missing mother.
Soon, the tiger completely takes over
the shaman's mind, but it still wants
to possess something pure. The shaman grabs
his daughter and puts the terrified child
inside a drum as he performs an unholy ritual
for the dreadful entity. Soon, the shaman and
his daughter disappear from the town, leaving
the villagers to speculate about their fate.
The blind woman discloses that people started
disappearing soon after the shaman and his
daughter went missing. She believes that the
missing villagers have been sacrificed to the
Jangsan Tiger. The woman warns Hee-yeon not
to trust the girl because when she appears,
the shaman usually follows. She points
out that they exploit their victim's
vulnerabilities and use their guilt, anger, and
longing to entice them to the cave. The woman
notes people usually have trouble seeing
when the girl starts breaking their chi.
She hands Hee-yeon a talisman to provide
temporary protection from the tiger.
As Hee-yeon runs back to the house, Jun-hee wakes
up and tries to find her mom to tell her about her
irritated eyes. When Jun-hee hears Hee-yeon's
voice, she slowly approaches the bathroom,
but she runs away in complete terror when
she sees the shaman emerging from the mirror.
Jun-hee hides inside their shed and comes across
the strange girl, pointing a broken mirror at
her while imitating her mother's voice.
When Hee-yeon finally reaches the house,
she finds the girls hiding in the dresser. Jun-hee
tells Hee-yeon that the strange girl saved her.
Hee-yeon recalls the blind woman telling her
that the child is the only one who knows the
way to the tiger's territory. In the hopes of
saving her husband and mother from the tiger,
Hee-yeon asks the child to take her to the cave.
The child, however, is reluctant, fearing that the
shaman will harm her. She asks Hee-yeon to promise
that she'll protect her and never leave her alone.
Before venturing into the cave, Hee-yeon covers
all the mirrors in the house and warns Jun-hee
against trusting anyone. She then tells her
daughter to call Detective Kim if she doesn't
return the next day. Upon reaching the cave,
the child tells Hee-yeon not to respond to
any voice she hears. Hee-yeon is suddenly
struck with fear and confusion when she
starts hearing the voices of her husband and
her daughter. Hee-yeon starts calling out to
Jun-hee when she hears her screaming, but the
strange child pleads with her not to respond.
Soon, the possessed shaman emerges and chases
after them. The man almost catches up to Hee-yeon
as she crawls through a narrow space, but
the child pulls her out. Hee-yeon and the
child find themselves in a chamber full of
mirrors, where they hear multiple voices.
In her confusion, Hee-yeon covers her
ears and leans against a large mirror.
She doesn't flinch or struggle when the shaman
emerges and lays his hands on her. As the shaman
slowly pulls her inside the mirror, Min-ho arrives
and smashes the mirror. Min-ho, now completely
blind, tells Hee-yeon to climb up the hole
that he fell through to escape from the tiger.
As Hee-yeon struggles to climb up, she
receives a call from Detective Kim,
so she answers the phone and pleads
for help. Hee-yeon then loses her grip,
but she feels someone grabbing her and hears
Detective Kim. However, she soon discovers
that she's holding on to the shaman's hand, so
she lets go and falls back down to the ground.
Min-ho, Hee-yeon, and the child crawl through
the narrow passage to get away from the shaman.
As they turn to leave, the child calls out to
Hee-yeon, but Min-ho warns her not to trust the
child. The girl hugs Hee-yeon and begs her not
to leave, but Hee-yeon starts losing her vision,
so she walks out of the cave with
Min-ho. As Hee-yeon looks back,
the child tearfully reminds Hee-yeon
of her promise not to leave her.
Soon, the tiger starts to weaken as the
mirrors in the chamber continue to break.
As Hee-yeon and Min-ho carefully
climb up the stairs leading outside,
Hee-yeon hears Jun-suh’s voice, pleading
with her to stay. Min-ho points out that
the voice she's hearing is not Jun-suh, but
Hee-yeon cannot resist, so she turns back.
With her fading vision, she runs toward the child
and hugs her, talking to her as if she is Jun-suh.
Min-ho manages to walk out of the cave and comes
across Detective Kim. Inside, the child guides
Hee-yeon deeper into the cave, with her desire to
have a mother that cares for her finally quenched.
In Korean folklore, the Jangsan Tiger is
known to have the ability to create noise
that lures people deep into the forest.
The mythical animal can mimic the voice
of a wailing woman, making people think
that someone in the forest needs help.
At other times, it can imitate the sound
of running water to lure thirsty hikers.
However, the tiger terrorizing Hee-yeon’s
village is far more dreadful as it can
possess a human and exploit its victims'
feelings to lure them into its lair.
The reports reveal that most of the victims
encountered the child and were most likely
lured to the cave because of her innocence. Though
the knowledgeable villagers think of the strange
child as malevolent, she appears to be a victim
of the entity and the shaman's thirst for power.
The Jangsan Tiger uses the child to
break his potential victims’ chi slowly,
but there's no indication that
she's deliberately doing it.
When she first met Hee-yeon, she stops her from
venturing into the cave, as if she doesn't want
her to be harmed by the vicious tiger. When
Jun-hee comes under attack from the shaman,
the child hides with her instead of
luring her back to the malevolent entity.
After experiencing maltreatment from her father,
the child takes the opportunity to find solace
at the caring hands of Hee-yeon. Although the
child helps Hee-yeon escape from the shaman,
she wouldn't let her leave. Despite her innocence,
she knows how to exploit Hee-yeon's longing for
her lost son to satisfy her longing for a mother.